Original Website Cons
Readability is bad
No logo/branding
Navigation is terrible
Ads very distracting

Questions
Tell us about your school
Diverse community ecology of learning and growth. Key things are relationships and respect, between students and teachers. You learn best in a relationship, trust is also very important.Taking things up is also very important. “Belonging, you are part of a community you belong here is key here. Diversity of learning experiences.”

Is there something about the website you like?
“No, not really. But it is good to be able to say there is something you can go to.”
Nipple shirts.

Is there something about the website you don’t like?
Hard to navigate.
No headings, no organization
Requires dedicated searcher
Not visually appealing. No images that pop out of you.
Out of date

What do you want this website to do for you?
Need knowledge out there.
Do not oversell.
Families who are maybe looking for something that is not traditional. Want it to fit for students and parents.
Just a sense of VCS.

How much content are you prepared to provide us?
Just send the images and ask what you think.
What represents you

When would he like to have it live
January/February

How many people in staff
7
include mentors on site

Do you have any specific things about how the schools vibe
Messy, slight chaos. “Learning happens at the edge of messy”

Are you interested in social media management?
Yes, but need resources.
School pushing Twitter.
More posts for VCS
Research needed
Guidelines for the school district

Do you have any internal special needs? Such as an admin login page or a page for applying for the school?
Yes. It is needed. Need a login page for students/teachers/parents

Things needed
Place to display pictures/videos
Online forms for field trips
Newsletter
Hiring for jobs page
A blog
Contact info
Change title to academy
Case studies
What vcs would do for my child

Interested in redesign of the logo, need to keep the tree though

Values
-Relationships
-Story
-Trust
-Membership
-Belonging
-Community
-Welcoming
-Messy/Chaos
